#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Featured

*What is Arturo?*

Arturo is a Python program that scrapes file urls from subtitles repositories, download subtitles and rename them with tv series video file names.

*Why do i need it?*

Uhm, maybe because you love tv series but, since your baby was born, you don't have enough time to download them all, download all subtitles, rename them etc. etc.

I've scheduled Arturo once a week so it downloads and renames subtitles for me; videos are automatically downloaded by Azureus and Scanerss plugin.

*How does it work?*

Arturo, starting from your configuration, using http calls, goes to subtitles repository url, scrapes direct subtitles links and downloads them.

Once downloaded, extract them from archive (for .zip files), then it moves them in the save directory you specified.

Once subtitles are moved in the proper folders, using regular expression, it tries to rename them based on video files present in that folder.

So next time you'll watch Barney Stinson on the latest episode of "how i met your mother", your preferred multimedia player (Xbmc i hope) will show it with subtitles.
Awesome!

*How should i configure Arturo?*

Check [Configuration] page on this Wiki

*How could i extend Arturo?*

Check [Plugins] page on this Wiki

*How could i help on Arturo?*

If you want to improve Arturo in style, features or whatever else, you are definitely welcome.

Drop me a mail at michele_dot_trimarchi_at_gmail_dot_com

*Are you associated with any of that subtitles site repositories?*

No, i'm not.

*Is scraping a kind of lame\leech thing?*

My script makes just plain vanilla http parsing\processing so it's just a sort of smart browser :), though i take no responsability if your account get banned!

I always recommend to visit subtitle sites, thanks the releasers and support them with Paypal Donations.